Update README (#10)
The-Pavel/salary_guide: README.md

# Marketing Campaign Website

> This website is for users to find out the salary range of different kinds of jobs in tech. Users will fill in a survey with their contact information. It's an intereactive way of capturing prospects.

Reviewer: Would love to see a gif here, to give a quick glimpse of what the website looks like without having to visit the site or serve locally 😄 

Also, let's add the link to the site for easy access

```suggestion
This [website](https://salaries.wogengapp.cn/) is for users to find out the salary range of different kinds of jobs in tech. Users will fill in a survey with their contact information. It's an interactive way of capturing prospects.
```

### User Flow

1. User clicks the take survey button
2. User is redirected to [Jinshuju](https://jinshuju.net/f/Jbkzig), where they will take the survey
3. User submits the survey and is redirected back to the campaign page, and receive a SMS code on their phone
4. User inputs the code, and gets the result

# Project Set Up

### Backend Logic

1. Jinshuju sends the data to Minapp webhook
2. Minapp sends SMS code to user

> 3. After user filling in the SMS code, it will trigger MinApp functions that call notion api with the corresponding parameters, and receive corresponding salary data

Reviewer: Might be good to link to the MinApp page with the functions and specify which functions get triggered.

4. Update the html with the data

### Update Salary Data

Salary data is stored in [this Notion page](https://www.notion.so/lewagon/a8b3601566364d1da1883d64c1090017?v=979079b002c942eda9d9c4eb76816468).

If you want to update **Title, Min Salary or Max Salry**, just change the value in the Notion page.

> If you want to update the Category or add new entries, please make sure that the choices in [Jinshuju](https://jinshuju.net/forms/Jbkzig/edit) are updated accordingly. Contact Xun for support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to update the Category or add new entries, please make sure that the choices in [Jinshuju](https://jinshuju.net/forms/Jbkzig/edit) are updated accordingly. Contact @xunma for support.
```
